DB Plan
The primary objective is to meet pension liabilities through a combination of investment returns and contributions. 
The secondary objective could be to minimize the present value of expected cash contributions. 
DC plan 
The main objective is to prudently grow grow assets that will support spending needs in retirement. 
If the plan offers funds with active management, a secondary objective may be to outperform the long-term policy benchmark. 
Sovereign Wealth Funds
SWF - Budget stabilization funds 
Def: established to insulate the fiscal budget from commodity price volatility and other external shocks, 
     particularly if a nation’s revenue is tied to natural resource production or other cyclical industries.
Chars: uncertain liabilities and relatively short investment horizons. 
       main purpose is risk management because such funds may be needed on a short-term basis to help support the government budget.
Obj: The investment objective is usually to deliver returns in excess of inflation with a low probability of a negative return in any year.
SWF - Development funds 
Def: established to support a nation’s economic development through investing in essential infrastructure, innovation, or by supporting key industries.
Chars: Liabilities are not clearly defined and typically uncertain for development funds
Obj: overall objective is to raise a country’s economic growth or to diversify the economy.
SWF - Savings funds 
Def: typically established to transform proceeds from the sale of non-renewable natural resources into long-term wealth 
     and a diversified portfolio of financial assets.
     The mission of a savings fund is wealth transfer to future generations after the sources of natural wealth have been depleted.
Chars: liabilities are long-term. 
       avoid investing in assets highly correlated with the non-renewable resources from which the government is trying to diversify.
Obj: Some savings funds have a real return objective or an explicit spending policy (like endowments).
SWF - Reserve funds 
Def: established from central bank excess foreign currency reserves.
Obj: achieve a return higher than that on FX reserves and to reduce the negative cost-of-carry of holding FX reserves.
Chars: investment horizons are very long, with typically no immediate or interim payout expectation.
SWF - Pension reserve funds 
Def: established to help prefund contingent pension-related liabilities on the government’s balance sheet. 
     Pension reserve funds are usually funded from fiscal surpluses during economic booms.
     to help reduce the burden on future taxpayers by prefunding social security and health care costs arising from aging populations, 
Chars: generally have long-term investment horizons.
Obj: earn returns sufficient to maximize the likelihood of meeting future pension, social security, and/or health care costs as they arise.
University Endowments
Horizon: The need to maintain intergenerational equity and the unlimited life of the university mean endowments have a perpetual investment horizon.
Liability: the future payouts promised to the university, presented in an official spending policy.
Liquidity Needs: the endowment’s annual spending net of gifts and donations is usually very low (around 2% to 4% of assets).
                 Low liquidity needs plus the perpetual time horizon mean endowments usually have a high risk tolerance 
                 and absorb relatively high volatility in the short term in pursuit of longer-term returns.
Obj: preserve the purchasing power of the assets in perpetuity while achieving returns adequate to maintain the level of spending
primary objective: generate a real return of about 5% on average over a three- to five-year period. A reasonable volatility limit is typically 10% to 15%.
secondary objective: outperforming a passive benchmark or even a tertiary objective of outperforming a peer group of similar endowments.
Private Foundation
Horiozn: Foundations typically have an investment horizon that is perpetual.
There is a trend toward limited-life foundations that are mandated to spend down assets 
within a limited time frame of the founder’s death, which would shorten the investment horizon.
Risk Tolerance: The higher liquidity requirements of foundations, means they typically have a lower risk tolerance than university endowments.
Liquidity Needs: U.S. foundations are legally required to spend 5% of assets. 
Foundations should maintain sufficient liquidity to meet near-term spending, capital calls from private limited partnership fund investments, 
and any margin calls on derivatives employed by the investment portfolio.
Obj: generate a real return over consumer price inflation of the spending rate plus investment expenses, 
     with expected annual volatility in a reasonable range (approximately 10% to 15%) over a three- to five-year period.
     There may be a secondary objective of outperforming a policy benchmark based on a tracking error budget.
Bank
Horizon: influenced by the difference between the long-term illiquid assets and the short-term liquid liabilities of the bank.
Although banks are perpetual organizations, the instruments held in the investment portfolio of a bank are likely to be very short in nature.
Obj: The primary objective is to manage liquidity and reduce risk mismatches between the bank’s noninvestment assets and liabilities.
The main goal of regulators is to make sure that banks have adequate capitalization to absorb losses.
Insurer
Horizon: The institution has a perpetual time horizon, the nature and timing of policy claims will strongly affect the time horizon of investments held. 
A key consideration for both life and P&C insurers is the frequently occurring underwriting cycle, 
which causes fluctuations in profitability driven by changes in the level of competition at different points of the insurance business cycle.
Liquidity needs: affected by the level of interest rates. high interest rates, policyholders with historically low-yielding contracts may surrender 
their policies in order to invest at higher yields in other investments, thereby increasing the net cash outflows of the life insurer.
P&C insurers face significant cash flow uncertainty due to the nature of their liabilities; high proportions of cash or cash equivalents and short-term fixed-income securities.
Obj: to manage liquidity and reduce risk mismatches between the institution’s assets and liabilities.
